docs: update docs and readme (#62)
defi-wonderland/ZKchainHub-backend: packages/pricing/README.md

```typescript
// manual
const pricingProvider = new CoingeckoProvider({ ...options }, cache, logger);

// factory
const pricingFromFactory = PricingProviderFactory.create(providerOptions, additionalDependencies);

const tokenAddresses = [
    "0xE41d2489571d322189246DaFA5ebDe1F4699F498",
    "0xB50721BCf8d664c30412Cfbc6cf7a15145234ad1",
    "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000001", //convention to fetch ETH price
];

const response = await pricingProvider.getTokenPrices(tokenAddresses);

for (let [address, price] of response) {
    console.log(`The price of ${address} is ${price ? price.toString() : "not found"}`);
}
```

## API

### IPricingProvider

#### `getTokenPrices(addresses: Address[]): Promise<PriceResponse>`

Retrieves the price for the list of token.

-   **Parameters:**
    -   `addresses` (Address[]): array of token addresses that we want to fetch
-   **Returns:** `Promise<PriceResponse>`: A promise that resolves to a map of Address to price or undefined if not found

## Contributing

1. To create a new provider, create it inside [`providers`](./src/providers/) folder and implement the [`IPricingProvider`](./src/interfaces/pricing.interface.ts) interface.

> > Note 1: is provider implementation responsibility to map token addresses to their internal id if needed.

Reviewer: It took me some seconds to understand this phrase at first, wdyt about these small changes?
```suggestion
> Note 1: it is the provider's responsibility to map token addresses to their internal id if needed.
```
